come here people I'm here hey what's up
everybody say J so I woke up this
morning got on youtube and I seen that I
had a message from Sean's view enc and
this is what it says look out just a
heads up I got a potential loss in
coming over me because I use w images in
my video thumbnails you do it all the
time and something the other do as well
LOL and I get in trouble and forced to
take all the images and thumbnails down
but people like you get to keep w
copyrighted images in your thumbnails I
don't get it I could be facing fines up
to two hundred thousand dollars per
copyrighted thumbnail just letting you
know so what I think about that first of
all WWE ain't gonna sue anybody and even
if they did guess what most of these
motherfuckers on YouTube don't even have
two hundred thousand dollars shit I
don't have two hundred thousand dollars
so let me give a shit shit oh just give
me more publicity I'll just make a new
channel people know me as that guy who
got sued by dou dou V for users their
fucking images on their thumbnails but
the fact is it's not going to happen and
the reason why is because WWE wants us
to promote their shit because not only
is it helping us it's helping their
fucking company and there is a big
difference so I mean well don't think
that you're going to get banned or
anything for using their images and your
thumbnails and stuff like that if
anything the people that will get banned
or even sued even though it's not going
to happen are the people who use actual
dou w footage and they're using it to
get money off assets and stuff like that
now you can't upload noww videos like a
raw and smackdown and pay per views
there's people who do it and get away
with it but at the end of the day if you
get caught doing that shit then hear
your YouTube could be terminated and no
we blew the video or whatever but that's
different because you're actually using
their footage like me I use pictures and
then actually talk about something I
don't just upload fucking videos and try
to get millions of views just for the
hell of it there are people who do that
like I said and get away with but if
you're doing that then yeah you need to
be careful but if you're just uploading
a picture of the
no that shit doesn't matter it's nothing
it's just especially if you edited the
fucking picture because if you edit it
that's technically your artwork so i
will give a shit what they say well yeah
that's let me know what you think about
that and make sure to check out my other
video subscribe my channel so next up
patients latch these motherfuckers they
want to show me they want to sue me
Vince McMahon is already rich people
he's already rich he's got plenty of
fucking money he's got money he could
give me 200 grand per video and guess
what I'd be happy I'd be very fucking
too happy fucking bash fuckers